Hi!
You may have some brain cells to spare?
Please!
Please! I need m-
I need brain cells. Come and help me.
Hey
I don't know what I am saying? I see too much.
Video of "Vicky Woah"
If you don't know who she is
I will give you a chance now.
Hum, wum, I am very serious
If you are still here
Remember Danielle BreHoli?
That's not my name, you are wrong.
There is a kind of going out to Joe, how?
basically
We are all first, there is a little
Oh, that's really... funny... don't you?
What happened to humanity? Wow, it’s so dark
Did she climb out of the corner or in the pit?
A rising star, is she a sweet, harmless girl?
WOAH VICKY
There is one thing about Vicky Woah you have to know
The most important personality trait
He claimed
He is black himself
Now he is a typical madman, instagram, young girl
Just doing crazy things
Who knows what he is going to do next
Disapproval voice
This is for Poppy JJ and Malou
Go to yours
Go to all of you
Go to your Poppy JJ
Go to your Malou
Oh
Pretty good thing, everyone
Somewhere along the line, Vicky understands
He is not just your ordinary citizen
He finally realized the task God gave him.
He split the paradise for Vicky Woah and said
Vicky, I have a special plan for you, we are still not finished.
Then this is what he came up with
Yes, my birthday is March 7th, but
July - *Pewds* Are you sure? Really?
That - I - I don't know if everyone is sure
July 19 is the day when I found out that I was black.
Like - this all - my whole life my mom always told me
You are white, you are white
I never believed him because I know
I know that I am black, and on July 19, I did something big.
I went to ancestry.com and found that I was 25% black.
Then these times, I know, I know that I am a brunette
So I decided that this day is my birthday.
Because it’s a very exciting holiday.
Yes, he found out
Almost no one saw
You don't understand, he is 25%
He even po made his bloodline results
Shown above 44, he is 44% of Africans.
I want to have a child of Papi JJ.
He is the child's father
I don't understand if he is because she is a virgin
*smack* *smack* *smack*
But like that must be true, really cute
Beautiful chocolate baby around
Yes, we have twins.
Like, but they must be beautiful because we are all black
This discovery really changed the life of Vicky Woah.
Planning his chocolate baby haha
But no, no.
Of course there will always be some black
I know, I know these online criticisms are annoying.
I dont like it either
I don't - I must be standing on the side of Vicky Woah.
Certain. He po pedigree results 诶 everyone
But of course - hey, those black
Make me angry
Racist Heite
I want to tell you
You always said
I am not black, I am white.
Wiki, I will never say that. I am absolutely - that is beyond me
Why do you say this?
I don't understand
All of you are fucking racism
How can you sit there?
Then tell me what kind of race I am.
If I said that I am black, then I am
I see my ancestry.com
That's right.
Then remember once
Pretty sure you may have forgotten
But remember once I was on the bridge of this game?
HmmmmmmmmmmMmmMmMMMMMMM?
You don't know
Yes, my hair may be golden and straight.
Have you not heard of perm and ion clips?
Ion clip?
Please don't use the clues of meme comments to ask for a wiki.
Ok? I won't steal your race.
Don't come here and steal my meme
Please
Then you are like this
I am the end of the black story.
I’m always getting angry with me.
Don't make him angry, everyone.
Please don't make Wiki Woah angry.
Oh, no, I don’t know what you said.
Stupid Heid always needs double evidence
Phfbbb
Hey, did he prove it?
You guys n****
Always said that I am not black, I am not black
Oh, I have to prove to you.
Because you look at the nephew Mary Kelly
He is super white, I look very black and then this dice
Mhm pair
That phone is really black
He said very well
Look at the photo of Mariah Carey
He is really white as you know
He is -*laughter*
As you know this favorable evidence
Vicky Woah- Woah Wiki Sorry, I apologize
Woah-just there.
The favorable evidence presented by Woah Vicky
How can you feel controversial?
Don't be black again.
Please
Don't be black Woah Vicky
You always said that I am not black because my hair is like this.
N**** On ancestry.com you will know that I am black
You see the pedigree certificate
This is completely double evidence
An example of Elon Musk
From South Africa
As you know
He is also
special
banana
He sent the car to space, which is incredible, right?
Press like this video if you agree
Of course the theme of racism
very interesting